---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gamefabric_allocator Data Source - GameFabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gamefabric_allocator (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get an allocator by its unique name.
data "gamefabric_allocator" "this" {
  name = "my-allocator"
}

# Access the registry service endpoint to register or unregister new game servers:
# - data.gamefabric_allocator.this.registry.url
# - data.gamefabric_allocator.this.registry.active_token

# Access the allocation service endpoint to retrieve a game server:
# - data.gamefabric_allocator.this.allocation.url
# - data.gamefabric_allocator.this.allocation.active_token
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The unique name of the managed allocator.

### Read-Only

- `allocation_active_token` (String, Sensitive) The active access token for the allocation service endpoint.
- `allocation_tokens` (List of String, Sensitive) The ordered list of access tokens for the allocation service endpoint. Deprecated tokens are phased out. The last token in the list is the most recent and exposed as active token.
- `allocation_url` (String) The base URL of the allocation service endpoint. The endpoint returns a game server that matches the requested attributes.
- `rate_limit_burst` (Number) The maximum number of queries that can be served at once before the rate limit kicks in. Excess capacity builds up during idle periods, up to this limit.
- `rate_limit_qps` (Number) The maximum number of queries per second.
- `region` (String) The deployment region of the allocator. This acts as a geographical indicator but might differ from custom GameFabric regions.
- `registry_active_token` (String, Sensitive) The active access token for the registry service endpoint.
- `registry_tokens` (List of String, Sensitive) The ordered list of access tokens for the registry service endpoint. Deprecated tokens are phased out. The last token in the list is the most recent and exposed as active token.
- `registry_url` (String) The base URL of the registry service endpoint.
