---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gamefabric_regions Data Source - terraform-provider-gamefabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gamefabric_regions (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.

### Optional

- `labels_filter` (Map of String) Locations defines the locations for a type.

### Read-Only

- `regions` (Attributes List) Regions is a list of regions in the environment that match the labels filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions))

<a id="nestedatt--regions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description is the optional description of the region.
- `display_name` (String) DisplayName is the user-friendly name of a region.
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope.
- `types` (Attributes Map) Types defines the types on infrastructure available in the region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions--types))

<a id="nestedatt--regions--types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions.types`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (String) CPU is the CPU limit for the region type.
- `env` (Attributes List) Env is a list of environment variables to set on all containers in this region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions--types--env))
- `locations` (List of String) Locations defines the locations for a type.
- `memory` (String) Memory is the memory limit for the region type.
- `scheduling` (String) Scheduling strategy. Defaults to &#34;Packed&#34;

<a id="nestedatt--regions--types--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions.types.env`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of the environment variable.
- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueFrom is the source for the environment variable&#39;s value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions--types--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--regions--types--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions.types.env.value_from`

Read-Only:

- `config_file_key_ref` (Attributes) ConfigFileKeyRef select the configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions--types--env--value_from--config_file_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) FieldRef selects the field of the pod. Supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, `metadata.labels[&#39;&lt;KEY&gt;&#39;]`, `metadata.annotations[&#39;&lt;KEY&gt;&#39;]`, metadata.armadaName, metadata.regionName, metadata.regionTypeName, metadata.siteName, metadata.imageBranch, metadata.imageName, metadata.imageTag, spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions--types--env--value_from--field_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--regions--types--env--value_from--config_file_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions.types.env.value_from.config_file_key_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the configuration file.


<a id="nestedatt--regions--types--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions.types.env.value_from.field_ref`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `field_path` (String)
