---
page_title: "Provider: GameFabric"
description: |-
  GameFabric Terraform Provider
---

# Terraform provider for GameFabric

GameFabric provider is used to interact, provision and manage your GameFabric resources.

## Example Usage

A typical provider configuration looks like this and requires setting up a service account in GameFabric with appropriate permissions.
See [GameFabric Documentation](https://docs.gamefabric.com/multiplayer-servers/getting-started/authentication#managing-service-accounts) for more details on creating service accounts and [managing permissions](https://docs.gamefabric.com/multiplayer-servers/getting-started/editing-permissions).

It is strongly advised to provide the password using the `GAMEFABRIC_PASSWORD` environment variable for security reasons.

```terraform
provider "gamefabric" {
  customer_id     = "<your customer id>"
  service_account = "ExampleServiceAccount@ec.nitrado.systems"
}
```

### Environment Variables

The following environment variables can be used to configure the provider:

- `GAMEFABRIC_HOST`: The GameFabric API host for example: `example.gamefabric.dev`.
- `GAMEFABRIC_CUSTOMER_ID`: The customer ID (first segment of your installation URL). If your installation URL is `customerID.gamefabric.dev`, set this to `customerID`.
- `GAMEFABRIC_SERVICE_ACCOUNT`: The service account username.
- `GAMEFABRIC_PASSWORD`: The service account password.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `customer_id` (String) The customer ID (first segment of your installation URL). If your installation URL is `customerID.gamefabric.dev`, set this to `customerID`.
- `host` (String) The GameFabric API host for example: `example.gamefabric.dev`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The service account password.
- `service_account` (String) The service account username.


