---
page_title: "gamefabric_armadaset Resource - GameFabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gamefabric_armadaset (Resource)

An ArmadaSet is a templating resource that creates and manages Armadas across multiple regions with a single configuration. It allows you to define common settings while enabling region-specific overrides for environment variables and other configurations.

This simplifies multi-region deployments by eliminating the need to duplicate Armada configurations. You define your game server deployment settings once in the ArmadaSet, specify which regions to deploy to, and customize per-region settings where needed.

When you update an ArmadaSet, it updates all associated Armadas, creating new revisions for each. This versioning system allows you to safely roll back configurations if needed, or run multiple versions simultaneously during gradual rollouts to minimize disruption to your players.

For details check the <a href="https://docs.gamefabric.com/multiplayer-servers/getting-started/glossary#armadaset">GameFabric documentation</a>.


## Example Usage - Simple Armadaset

This example sets up a minimal armadaset for two regions europe and us which each use baremetal and cloud locations.

```terraform
data "gamefabric_branch" "prod" {
  display_name = "prod"
}

data "gamefabric_image" "gameserver" {
  branch = data.gamefabric_branch.prod.name
  image  = "gameserver"
  tag    = "1.2.3"
}

data "gamefabric_environment" "prod" {
  name = "prod"
}

resource "gamefabric_armadaset" "this" {
  name        = "myarmadaset"
  environment = data.gamefabric_environment.prod.name

  regions = [
    {
      name = "europe"
      replicas = [
        {
          region_type  = "baremetal"
          min_replicas = 1
          max_replicas = 2
          buffer_size  = 1
        },
        {
          region_type  = "cloud"
          min_replicas = 1
          max_replicas = 2
          buffer_size  = 1
        }
      ]
      envs = [
        {
          name  = "REGION"
          value = "europe"
        },
        {
          name = "BACKEND_CONFIG"
          value_from = {
            config_file = "example-eu-config.ini"
          }
        },
        {
          name = "EXAMPLE_POD_FIELD"
          value_from = {
            field_path = "metadata.name"
          }
        }
      ]
      labels = {
        region = "europe"
      }
    },
    {
      name = "us-east"
      replicas = [
        {
          region_type  = "baremetal"
          min_replicas = 1
          max_replicas = 2
          buffer_size  = 1
        },
        {
          region_type  = "cloud"
          min_replicas = 1
          max_replicas = 2
          buffer_size  = 1
        }
      ]
      envs = [
        {
          name  = "REGION"
          value = "us-east"
        },
        {
          name = "BACKEND_CONFIG"
          value_from = {
            config_file = "example-us-config.ini"
          }
        },
        {
          name = "EXAMPLE_POD_FIELD"
          value_from = {
            field_path = "metadata.name"
          }
        }
      ]
      labels = {
        region = "us-east"
      }
    }
  ]


  gameserver_labels = {
    example = "value"
  }

  containers = [
    {
      name  = "default" # the gameserver container should always be named "default"
      image = data.gamefabric_image.gameserver.image_target
      # args    = ["example-arg"]
      resources = {
        requests = {
          cpu    = "250m"
          memory = "256Mi"
        }
      }
      envs = [
        {
          name  = "COMMON_ENV"
          value = "this-is-the-same-for-all-regions"
        },
      ]
      ports = [
        {
          name           = "game"
          protocol       = "TCP"
          container_port = 27015
          policy         = "Dynamic"
        }
      ]
      config_files = [
        {
          name       = "example-config.ini"
          mount_path = "/config/example-config.ini"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]

  health_checks = {
    initial_delay_seconds = 180
    period_seconds        = 5
    failure_threshold     = 3
  }

  termination_configuration = {
    grace_period_seconds = 30
  }

  strategy = {
    rolling_update = {
      max_surge       = "25%"
      max_unavailable = "25%"
    }
  }
  profiling_enabled = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `containers` (Attributes List) Containers is a list of containers belonging to the game server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers))
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the resource belongs to.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope. Must contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters, hyphens, or dots. Must start and end with an alphanumeric character. Maximum length is 24 characters.
- `regions` (Attributes List) List of regions for the ArmadaSet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions))

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `autoscaling` (Attributes) Autoscaling configuration for the game servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscaling))
- `description` (String) Description is the optional description of the armadaset.
- `gameserver_annotations` (Map of String) Annotations for the game server pods.
- `gameserver_labels` (Map of String) Labels for the game server pods.
- `gateway_policies` (List of String) GatewayPolicies is a list of gateway policies to apply to the Armada.
- `health_checks` (Attributes) HealthChecks is the health checking configuration for Agones game servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_checks))
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `profiling_enabled` (Boolean) ProfilingEnabled indicates whether profiling is enabled for the Armada.
- `strategy` (Attributes) Strategy defines the rollout strategy for updating game servers. The default is RollingUpdate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--strategy))
- `termination_configuration` (Attributes) TerminationConfiguration defines the termination grace period for game servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--termination_configuration))
- `volumes` (Attributes List) Volumes is a list of volumes that can be mounted by containers belonging to the game server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique Terraform identifier.
- `image_updater_target` (Attributes) ImageUpdaterTarget is the reference that an image updater can target to match the Armada. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_updater_target))

<a id="nestedatt--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers`

Required:

- `image` (Attributes) Image is the GameFabric container image to run. You can use the `image_target` attribute of the `gamefabric_image` datasource to set this. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--image))
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the container. The primary gameserver container should be named `default`

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Args are arguments to the entrypoint.
- `command` (List of String) Command is the entrypoint array. This is not executed within a shell.
- `config_files` (Attributes List) ConfigFiles is a list of configuration files to mount into the containers filesystem. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--config_files))
- `envs` (Attributes List) Envs is a list of environment variables to set on all containers in this Armada. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--envs))
- `ports` (Attributes List) Ports are the ports to expose from the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--ports))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources describes the compute resource requirements. See the <a href="https://docs.gamefabric.com/multiplayer-servers/multiplayer-services/resource-management">GameFabric documentation</a> for more details on how to configure resource requests and limits. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--resources))
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) VolumeMounts are the volumes to mount into the container&#39;s filesystem. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--volume_mounts))

<a id="nestedatt--containers--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.image`

Required:

- `branch` (String) Branch of the GameFabric image.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the GameFabric image.


<a id="nestedatt--containers--config_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.config_files`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) MountPath is the path to mount the configuration file on.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the configuration file.


<a id="nestedatt--containers--envs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.envs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value is the value of the environment variable.
- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueFrom is the source for the environment variable&#39;s value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--envs--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--containers--envs--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.envs.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_file` (String) ConfigFile select the configuration file.
- `field_path` (String) FieldPath selects the field of the pod. Supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, `metadata.labels['<KEY>']`, `metadata.annotations['<KEY>']`, metadata.armadaName, metadata.regionName, metadata.regionTypeName, metadata.siteName, metadata.imageBranch, metadata.imageName, metadata.imageTag, spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs.



<a id="nestedatt--containers--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.ports`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the port. Must contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters, hyphens, or dots. Must start and end with an alphanumeric character. Maximum length is 63 characters.
- `policy` (String) Policy defines how the host port is populated. `Dynamic` (default) allocates a free host port and maps it to the `container_port` (required). The gameserver must report the external port (obtained via Agones SDK) to backends for client connections. `Passthrough` dynamically allocates a host port and sets `container_port` to match it. The gameserver must discover this port via Agones SDK and listen on it.

Optional:

- `container_port` (Number) ContainerPort is the port that is being opened on the specified container&#39;s process.
- `protection_protocol` (String) ProtectionProtocol is the optional name of the protection protocol being used.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol is the network protocol being used. Defaults to UDP. TCP is the other option.


<a id="nestedatt--containers--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Attributes) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--resources--limits))
- `requests` (Attributes) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--resources--requests))

<a id="nestedatt--containers--resources--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.resources.limits`

Optional:

- `cpu` (String) CPU limit.
- `memory` (String) Memory limit.


<a id="nestedatt--containers--resources--requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.resources.requests`

Optional:

- `cpu` (String) CPU request.
- `memory` (String) Memory request.



<a id="nestedatt--containers--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.volume_mounts`

Optional:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the volume.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.



<a id="nestedatt--regions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions`

Required:

- `name` (String) Region name.
- `replicas` (Attributes List) A replicas specifies the distribution of game servers across the available types of capacity in the selected region type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions--replicas))

Optional:

- `envs` (Attributes List) Environment variables for the region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions--envs))
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.

<a id="nestedatt--regions--replicas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions.replicas`

Required:

- `buffer_size` (Number) BufferSize is the number of replicas to have ready all the time.
- `max_replicas` (Number) MaxReplicas is the maximum number of replicas in the region type.
- `min_replicas` (Number) MinReplicas is the minimum number of replicas in the region type.
- `region_type` (String) RegionType is the name of the region type.


<a id="nestedatt--regions--envs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions.envs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value is the value of the environment variable.
- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueFrom is the source for the environment variable&#39;s value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions--envs--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--regions--envs--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions.envs.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_file` (String) ConfigFile select the configuration file.
- `field_path` (String) FieldPath selects the field of the pod. Supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, `metadata.labels['<KEY>']`, `metadata.annotations['<KEY>']`, metadata.armadaName, metadata.regionName, metadata.regionTypeName, metadata.siteName, metadata.imageBranch, metadata.imageName, metadata.imageTag, spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs.




<a id="nestedatt--autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscaling`

Optional:

- `fixed_interval_seconds` (Number) Defines how often the auto-scaler re-evaluates the number of game servers.


<a id="nestedatt--health_checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_checks`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled indicates whether Agones health checks are disabled.
- `failure_threshold` (Number) FailureThreshold is the number of consecutive failures before the game server is marked unhealthy and terminated.
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) InitialDelaySeconds is the number of seconds to wait before performing the first check.
- `period_seconds` (Number) PeriodSeconds is the number of seconds between checks.


<a id="nestedatt--strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `strategy`

Optional:

- `recreate` (Attributes) Recreate defines the recreate strategy which will recreate all unallocated gameservers at once on updates. This should only be used for development workloads or where downtime is acceptable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--strategy--recreate))
- `rolling_update` (Attributes) RollingUpdate defines the rolling update strategy, which gradually replaces game servers with new ones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--strategy--rolling_update))

<a id="nestedatt--strategy--recreate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `strategy.recreate`


<a id="nestedatt--strategy--rolling_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `strategy.rolling_update`

Optional:

- `max_surge` (String) MaxSurge is the maximum number of game servers that can be created over the desired number of game servers during an update.
- `max_unavailable` (String) MaxUnavailable is the maximum number of game servers that can be unavailable during an update.



<a id="nestedatt--termination_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `termination_configuration`

Optional:

- `grace_period_seconds` (Number) GracePeriodSeconds is the duration in seconds the game server needs to terminate gracefully.


<a id="nestedatt--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the volume.

Optional:

- `empty_dir` (Attributes) EmptyDir represents a volume that is initially empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--empty_dir))

<a id="nestedatt--volumes--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `size_limit` (String) SizeLimit is the total amount of local storage required for this EmptyDir volume.



<a id="nestedatt--image_updater_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_updater_target`

Read-Only:

- `environment` (String) Environment is the environment of the image updater target.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the image updater target.
- `type` (String) Type is the type of the image updater target.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  id = "{{ environment }}/{{ name }}"
  to = gamefabric_armadaset.europe
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import gamefabric_armadaset.europe "{{ environment }}/{{ name }}"
```