---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gamefabric_formation Resource - GameFabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gamefabric_formation (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `containers` (Attributes List) Containers is a list of containers belonging to the game server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers))
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope.
- `vessels` (Attributes List) Vessels is a list of vessels belonging to the game server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vessels))

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `description` (String) Description is the optional description of the Formation.
- `gameserver_annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `gameserver_labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `gateway_policies` (List of String) GatewayPolicies is a list of gateway policies to apply to the Formation.
- `health_checks` (Attributes) HealthChecks is the health checking configuration for Agones game servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_checks))
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `profiling_enabled` (Boolean) ProfilingEnabled indicates whether profiling is enabled for the Formation.
- `termination_configuration` (Attributes) TerminationConfiguration defines the termination grace period for game servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--termination_configuration))
- `volume_templates` (Attributes List) VolumeTemplates are the templates for volumes that can be mounted by containers belonging to the game server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volume_templates))
- `volumes` (Attributes List) Volumes is a list of volumes that can be mounted by containers belonging to the game server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique Terraform identifier.
- `image_updater_target` (Attributes) ImageUpdaterTarget is the reference that an image updater can target to match the Formation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_updater_target))

<a id="nestedatt--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers`

Required:

- `image` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--image))
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the container.

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Args are arguments to the entrypoint.
- `command` (List of String) Command is the entrypoint array. This is not executed within a shell.
- `config_files` (Attributes List) ConfigFiles is a list of configuration files to mount into the containers filesystem. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--config_files))
- `envs` (Attributes List) Envs is a list of environment variables to set on all containers in this Armada. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--envs))
- `ports` (Attributes List) Ports are the ports to expose from the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--ports))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources describes the compute resource requirements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--resources))
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) VolumeMounts are the volumes to mount into the container&#39;s filesystem. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--volume_mounts))

<a id="nestedatt--containers--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.image`

Required:

- `branch` (String) Branch is the branch of the image.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the image.


<a id="nestedatt--containers--config_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.config_files`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) MountPath is the path to mount the configuration file on.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the configuration file.


<a id="nestedatt--containers--envs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.envs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value is the value of the environment variable.
- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueFrom is the source for the environment variable&#39;s value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--envs--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--containers--envs--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.envs.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_file` (String) ConfigFile select the configuration file.
- `field_path` (String) FieldPath selects the field of the pod. Supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, `metadata.labels['<KEY>']`, `metadata.annotations['<KEY>']`, metadata.armadaName, metadata.regionName, metadata.regionTypeName, metadata.siteName, metadata.imageBranch, metadata.imageName, metadata.imageTag, spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs.



<a id="nestedatt--containers--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.ports`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the port.
- `policy` (String) Policy defines the policy for how the HostPort is populated.

Optional:

- `container_port` (Number) ContainerPort is the port that is being opened on the specified container&#39;s process.
- `protection_protocol` (String) ProtectionProtocol is the optional name of the protection protocol being used.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol is the network protocol being used. Defaults to UDP. TCP is the other option.


<a id="nestedatt--containers--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Attributes) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--resources--limits))
- `requests` (Attributes) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--resources--requests))

<a id="nestedatt--containers--resources--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.resources.limits`

Optional:

- `cpu` (String) CPU limit.
- `memory` (String) Memory limit.


<a id="nestedatt--containers--resources--requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.resources.requests`

Optional:

- `cpu` (String) CPU request.
- `memory` (String) Memory request.



<a id="nestedatt--containers--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the volume.

Optional:

- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.



<a id="nestedatt--vessels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vessels`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the vessel.
- `region` (String) Region defines the region the game servers are distributed to.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description is the optional description of the Vessel.
- `override` (Attributes) Override is the optional override configuration for Vessels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vessels--override))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend indicates whether the Vessel should be suspended.

<a id="nestedatt--vessels--override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vessels.override`

Optional:

- `containers` (Attributes List) Containers is a list of containers belonging to the game server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vessels--override--containers))
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.

<a id="nestedatt--vessels--override--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vessels.override.containers`

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Args are arguments to the entrypoint.
- `command` (List of String) Command is the entrypoint array. This is not executed within a shell.
- `envs` (Attributes List) Envs is a list of environment variables to set on all containers in this Armada. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vessels--override--containers--envs))

<a id="nestedatt--vessels--override--containers--envs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vessels.override.containers.envs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value is the value of the environment variable.
- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueFrom is the source for the environment variable&#39;s value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vessels--override--containers--envs--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--vessels--override--containers--envs--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vessels.override.containers.envs.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_file` (String) ConfigFile select the configuration file.
- `field_path` (String) FieldPath selects the field of the pod. Supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, `metadata.labels['<KEY>']`, `metadata.annotations['<KEY>']`, metadata.armadaName, metadata.regionName, metadata.regionTypeName, metadata.siteName, metadata.imageBranch, metadata.imageName, metadata.imageTag, spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs.






<a id="nestedatt--health_checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_checks`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled indicates whether Agones health checks are disabled.
- `failure_threshold` (Number) FailureThreshold is the number of consecutive failures before the game server is marked unhealthy.
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) InitialDelaySeconds is the number of seconds to wait before performing the first check.
- `period_seconds` (Number) PeriodSeconds is the number of seconds between checks.


<a id="nestedatt--termination_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `termination_configuration`

Optional:

- `grace_period_seconds` (Number) The duration in seconds the game server needs to terminate gracefully.
- `maintenance_seconds` (Number) The duration in seconds the game server needs to terminate gracefully when put into maintenance.
- `spec_change_seconds` (Number) The duration in seconds the game server needs to terminate gracefully after Formation specs have changed.
- `user_initiated_seconds` (Number) The duration in seconds the game server needs to terminate gracefully after a user has initiated a termination.


<a id="nestedatt--volume_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume_templates`

Required:

- `capacity` (String) Capacity is the storage capacity requested for the volume.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the volume as it will be referenced.
- `reclaim_policy` (String) The reclaim policy for a volume created by a Formation.
- `volume_store_name` (String) Name is the name of the VolumeStore.


<a id="nestedatt--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the volume.

Optional:

- `empty_dir` (Attributes) EmptyDir represents a volume that is initially empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--empty_dir))
- `persistent` (Attributes) Persistent represents a volume with data persistence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--persistent))

<a id="nestedatt--volumes--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `size_limit` (String) SizeLimit is the total amount of local storage required for this EmptyDir volume.


<a id="nestedatt--volumes--persistent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.persistent`

Optional:

- `volume_name` (String) VolumeName is the name of the persistent volume.



<a id="nestedatt--image_updater_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_updater_target`

Read-Only:

- `environment` (String) Environment is the environment of the image updater target.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the image updater target.
- `type` (String) Type is the type of the image updater target.
