---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gamefabric_role Resource - GameFabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gamefabric_role (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The unique name of the role.
- `rules` (Attributes List) List of rules that will be applied to the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) A map of annotations to assign to the role.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of labels to assign to the role.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique ID of the role.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `api_groups` (List of String) List of API groups that the rule applies to. Use `*` to match all API groups or choose any from: `armada`, `authentication`, `billing`, `container`, `core`, `formation`, `protection`, `rbac` and `storage`.
- `environments` (List of String) List of environments that the rule applies to. Use `*` to match all environments.
- `resources` (List of String) List of resource types that the rule applies to. Use '*' to match all resources, use the plural for specific resources, e.g. `armadas`, use the slash for sub-resources, e.g. `images/status`.
- `verbs` (List of String) List of actions that can be performed on the resources. Use `*` to match all verbs.

Optional:

- `resource_names` (List of String) List of specific resource names that the rule applies to. If specified, the rule only applies to resources with these names.
- `scopes` (List of String) List of scopes to restrict the rule to. Optional field to further limit the permissions.
