---
page_title: "gamefabric_service_account Resource - GameFabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gamefabric_service_account (Resource)

A Service Account is a non-human identity used for programmatic access to GameFabric resources. Service accounts are typically used by automated processes, CI/CD pipelines, or applications that need to interact with the GameFabric API.

Each service account is automatically assigned an email address based on its name and can be granted permissions through role bindings, similar to regular user accounts. You can organize service accounts using labels for better management. A service account can't be changed after creation, so changes to the resource will trigger Terraform to recreate (delete and add) the service account.

Passwords are managed separately using the `gamefabric_service_account_password` resource which allows resetting and retrieving a password for a service account (the password is returned only at creation/reset time). Example usage:

```terraform
resource "gamefabric_service_account" "example" {
  name = "my-service-account"
}

resource "gamefabric_service_account_password" "example" {
  service_account = gamefabric_service_account.example.name
}

# Use `nonsensitive(gamefabric_service_account_password.example.password)` to expose the generated password
```

For details check the <a href="https://docs.gamefabric.com/multiplayer-servers/getting-started/authentication#managing-service-accounts">GameFabric documentation</a>.


## Example Usage

This example creates a service account with labels for organization.

```terraform
resource "gamefabric_service_account" "ci_workflow" {
  name = "ci-workflow"
  labels = {
    team = "backend"
    env  = "development"
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The unique name of the service account.

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) A map of labels to assign to the service account.

### Read-Only

- `email` (String) The email address for the service account (auto-generated).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  id = "{{ name }}"
  to = gamefabric_service_account.ci_workflow
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import gamefabric_service_account.ci_workflow "{{ name }}"
```